psalm 66 to the chief musician a song
Essam make a joyful shout to God all the
earth sing out the honor of his name
make his praise glorious say to God how
awesome are your works through the
greatness of your power your enemies
shall submit themselves to you all the
earth shall worship you and sing praises
to you they shall sing praises to your
name come and see the works of God he is
awesome in his doing toward the sons of
men
he turned the sea into dry land they
went through the river on foot there we
will rejoice in him he rules by his
power forever his eyes observe the
nation's do not let the rebellious exalt
themselves Oh bless our God you people
and make the voice of his praise to be
heard who keeps our soul among the
living and does not allow our feet to be
moved for you O God have tested us you
have refined us as silver is refined
you brought us into the net you laid
affliction on our backs you have caused
men to ride over our heads we went
through fire and through water but you
brought us out to rich fulfillment I
will go into your house with burnt
offerings I will pay you my vows which
my lips have uttered and my mouth has
spoken when I was in trouble I will
offer you burnt sacrifices of fat
animals with the sweet aroma of rams I
will offer Bulls with goats come and
hear all you who fear God and I will
declare what he has done for my soul I
cried to him with my mouth and he was
extolled with my tongue if I regard
iniquity in my heart the Lord will not
fear but certainly God has heard me he
has attended to the voice of my prayer
blessed be God who has not turned away
my prayer nor his mercy from me